# Vunerability-Report

The client for this project was Artemic Financial. Aretmis Financial is a consulting company that develops indivualized financial plans for their customers. Artemis Financial was seeking to modernize their operations to include the most current and effefctive software security. An existing RESTful API web application was in use for Artemis Financial. They required the ability to provide security and integrity to data transfer occuring on the application. They desired that this be accomplished through theh use of a checksum. 
I believe that this project was very succesful at displaying a trsutworthy and secure data transfer method over the applciation. One of the most modern and secure hashing algorithms was recommended and used. Caution was used to ensure no introduction of new vunerabilities to the applciation dueing refactorinng. Coding securely is important as threat actors are constantly looking to exploit any weaknesses. Improving their overall software security should ease the minds and enhance the well being of Artemis Finanical and their customers. 
Selecting a hashing algorithm was difficult as several are accetable for this project. However, I attempted to solve this issue by selecting a cipher that will likely provide the most longevity and security.
The layers of security were increased during the refactoring in several ways. The first of which was accomplished through the generation of a certificate and use of HTTPS to establish a trustworthy connection. The next area is with the incorporation of the checksum verification for data transfer. The final way that security was improved was through code review and error handling to imporve code quality. 
